add CONTRIBUTING.md (#234)
Ph0enixKM/Amber: CONTRIBUTING.md

<img src="assets/amber.png" alt="amber logo" width="250" align="right" />

# Contributing to Amber
This is a simple but exhaustive guide to get you started on contributing to amber.

## Contributing guidelines
Before you dig into Amber, you should know a few things before you contribute.

Any code change is submitted [through a PR](https://github.com/Ph0enixKM/Amber/pulls), which is then approved by at least 2 maintainers.

The way we talk on github is not the same as we would talk in person. When on github, always get straight to the point and be critical.

Personal grudges are forbidden around here, as well as anything offtopic or offensive.

### Opening a PR

Before a PR is opened, it usually has an issue about it first, where we discuss how exactly a feature must be implemented, to avoid making a mistake.

It is recommended that you see how features were already implemented. A good example is [#130](https://github.com/Ph0enixKM/Amber/issues/130)

To create a PR, you should fork the repo, create a branch, do your work in there, and open a PR. It will then be reviewed and pushed into master.

### Getting help

> On the way you will need to get some help with your code. The best way to ask is in [our Discord server](https://discord.com/invite/cjHjxbsDvZ), but you may also ask other contributors personally or post in [Discussions](https://github.com/Ph0enixKM/Amber/discussions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Along the way, you may need help with your code. The best way to ask is in [our Discord server](https://discord.com/invite/cjHjxbsDvZ), but you may also ask other contributors personally or post in [Discussions](https://github.com/Ph0enixKM/Amber/discussions).
```

## Overview
Amber consists of the following layers:

1. [CLI Interface](#1-cli-interface)
2. [Compiler](#2-compiler)  
   1. [Parser & tokenizer](#21-parser--tokenizer)
   2. [Translator](#22-translator)
3. [Runtime libraries](#3-runtime-libraries)
   1. [`stdlib`](#31-stdlib)
4. [Tests](#4-tests)

### 1. CLI Interface
All CLI interface is in [`main.rs`](src/main.rs). [`clap`](https://crates.io/crates/clap) handles argument parsing.

### 2. Compiler

> Compiler consists of these files: [`compiler.rs`](src/compiler.rs), and everything in [`modules`](src/modules).

Reviewer: Deeper explanation on this line:

```suggestion
Compiler consists of:
- [`compiler.rs`](src/compiler.rs) - Main entry point for the compiler
- [`rules.rs`](src/rules.rs) - Syntax rules that are used by Heraclitus framework to correctly output tokens
- [`utils`](src/utils.rs) - Contains parsing environments, caches, contexts and Amber's implementations of metadata
- [`modules`](src/modules) - Syntax modules that parse Amber syntax and also handle the translation process
- [`translate`](src/translate) - Contains a definition of Translate Module trait that is used to translate modules the previously mentioned `modules`
```

`AmberCompiler` struct by itself is just a bootstrapper for all the syntax modules.

#### 2.1. Parser & tokenizer
Thanks to [`heraclitus`](https://github.com/Ph0enixKM/Heraclitus), we can use simple abstractions to go through tokens.

Please open any syntax module code file, and find a line that says: `impl SyntaxModule<ParserMetadata> for MODULE_NAME_HERE`

It will have a `parse()` function, where all the magic happens. You can either dig into the code yourself or look at the example below to understand how it works.

<details>
<summary>Example parser</summary>

**Important: this is pseudo code. Its purpose is to demonstrate how it should look like.**

```rs
// This code parses the following: `1 + 2`

> fn parse(meta: ParserMetadata) {

Reviewer: We take a `& mut` so that we don't have to copy the metadata around. Also the function returns `SyntaxResult` and that's good to explicitly declare to the reader.

```suggestion
fn parse(meta: &mut ParserMetadata) -> SyntaxResult {
```

<img src="assets/amber.png" alt="amber logo" width="250" align="right" />

# Contributing to Amber
This is a simple but exhaustive guide to get you started on contributing to amber.

## Overview
Amber consists of the following layers:

1. [CLI Interface](#1-cli-interface)

> 2. [Compiler](#2-compiler)  

Reviewer 2: Maybe also a documentation on how to add a new builtin command?

I was trying to add the `mv` command as example.
And at that point also how to do a new block like `sudo {}`.

    let digit_2 = meta.get_current_token();

    self.digit_1 = digit_1.unwrap();
    self.digit_2 = digit_2.unwrap();

    Ok(())
}
```
</details>

#### 2.2. Translator
Same as parser open a syntax module, and find a line that says `impl TranslateModule for MODULE_NAME_HERE` and that should contain a `translate` function.

Same as before, you can either dig into the code you opened or look at the example below.

<details>
<summary>Example parser</summary>

**Important: this is pseudo code. Its purpose is to demonstrate how it should look like.**

```rs
// This will translate `1 + 2` into `(( 1 + 2 ))`
fn translate() -> String {

    // self.digit_1 and self.digit_2 is set earlier by the parser
    format!("(( {} + {} ))", self.digit_1, self.digit_2)
}
```
</details>

Basically, the `translate()` method should return a `String` for the compiler to construct a compiled file from all of them. If it translates to nothing, you should output an empty string, like `String::new()`

### 3. Runtime libraries
#### 3.1. `stdlib`

`stdlib` is written in Amber. See [`main.ab`](src/std/main) for the code. All `stdlib` functions must be covered by a [test](#4-tests)

### 4. Tests

> Amber uses `cargo test` for tests. They are written in rust, and they use a `test_amber` macro.

Reviewer 2: Maybe explaining that you write the full Amber code like you do normally and compared the output of the code with something else.

We have [`validity tests`](src/tests/validity.rs) to check the compiler, [`stdlib tests`](src/tests/stdlib.rs) and [`CLI tests`](src/tests/cli.rs).

<details>
<summary>Let's write a simple test</summary>

```rs
#[test]

> fn prints_hi() {

Reviewer 2: A simple way to run just this tests and not all of them `cargo test tests::stdlib::prints_hi`.

Also I will add that takes some seconds.
